{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Bland, J. M., and D. G. Altman. \uc0\u8220{}Statistical Methods for Assessing Agreement between Two Methods of Clinical Measurement.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Lancet (London, England)} 1, no. 8476 (February 8, 1986): 307\uc0\u8211{}10.\
Dahlin, Jayme L., G. Sitta Sittampalam, Nathan P. Coussens, Viswanath Devanarayan, Jeffrey R. Weidner, Philip W. Iversen, Joseph V. Haas, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Basic Guidelines for Reporting Non-Clinical Data.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assay Guidance Manual}, edited by Sarine Markossian, Abigail Grossman, Michelle Arkin, Douglas Auld, Chris Austin, Jonathan Baell, Kyle Brimacombe, et al. Bethesda (MD): Eli Lilly & Company and the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences, 2004. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK550206/.\
Elassaiss-Schaap, Jeroen, and Kevin Duisters. \uc0\u8220{}Variability in the Log Domain and Limitations to Its Approximation by the Normal Distribution.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}CPT: Pharmacometrics & Systems Pharmacology} 9, no. 5 (May 2020): 245\uc0\u8211{}57. https://doi.org/10.1002/psp4.12507.\
Iversen, Philip W., Benoit Beck, Yun-Fei Chen, Walthere Dere, Viswanath Devanarayan, Brian J. Eastwood, Mark W. Farmen, et al. \uc0\u8220{}HTS Assay Validation.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assay Guidance Manual}, edited by Sarine Markossian, Abigail Grossman, Kyle Brimacombe, Michelle Arkin, Douglas Auld, Chris Austin, Jonathan Baell, et al. Bethesda (MD): Eli Lilly & Company and the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences, 2004. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK83783/.\
Zhang, Ji-Hu, Thomas D.Y. Chung, and Kevin R. Oldenburg. \uc0\u8220{}A Simple Statistical Parameter for Use in Evaluation and Validation of High Throughput Screening Assays.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}SLAS Discovery} 4, no. 2 (April 1999): 67\uc0\u8211{}73. https://doi.org/10.1177/108705719900400206.\
}